Recomendations:
This is a list of recommendations to make this project better 
(UI, UX, Performance, Security, Architecture, Bug fix, New Feature, ...etc )

// Please make your recommendations as clear as possible with only a few sentences 

1. Ux/Ui should be imrpoved on login, form should be centered (inputs too big), login button should be on a better position

2. Error message should be red, not yellow it seems a warning, messages should be more formal, for ex: 'Please fill all the data', error should be descriptive 
to the missing data, required inputs should be highlighted. 

3. Data on post/put should be encrypted for passwords or sensible data

4. Errors on console should not be thwrown.

5. Register should be included for non already registered users.

6. Data on backend should not be hardcoded like email, password ,etc you should use a database for example for this kind of things

7. Image after login should be more friendly, change size for ex.

8. (New Feature) You should be able to modify profile data like photo, name, etc not only password

9. You should have separated HTML files for diferent pages, for ex login and profile.

10. May be use MVC arquitechure.

11. Validation for not new password entered on change password.

12. Usability: for changing password you should enter the previous password for security reasons and confirm the new password in order
to avoid misswriting.

13. Change password button does nothing. (Implement functionality)

14. Add functionality to page, you cannot do anything not even change "your" own password.

15. Session should be kept for a period of time.

16. You should be able to be log out.

17. Request on login for getting an image unnecessary.

18. Profile image is not accurate, sometimes it shows some and sometimes other

19. Going back does nothing when logged.

20. Different endpoints for different pages should be included.

21. Server should not be on root of the project, you should separate layers for server and client side.

22. Should use angular components for creating html, and update to a newer angular version